Removes spurious references to apps from CRX docs (#791)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/xhr/index.md

### Adjusting the content security policy {: #interaction-with-csp }

> If you modify the default [Content Security Policy][12] for extensions by adding a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you modify the default [Content Security Policy][12] for your extension by adding a
```
